# samethalu-data
List of Telugu samethalu (proverbs) with brief descriptions

# How to contribute
## Add new samethalu
Add new samethalu in samethalu-data.json file and create a PR. Each new sametha must be in the following format:
```json
"sametha": <sametha in Telugu script>,
"translation": <Literal translation of the sametha in English>,
"meaning": <Meaning of the sametha in the context of its usage>,
"essence": <Description of situation(s) in which the sametha is commonly used>,
"origin": <How the sametha came into existence>,
"sources": [<Source(s) of the sametha>],
"situations": [
    {
        "situation": <Example situation1>
    },
    {
        "situation": <Example situation2>
    }
]
```

Note that all the fields apart from `sametha` and `meaning` are optional. But the more details you provide, the better it is for the search engine. Sharing diverse example situations is also a good way to show the versatility of the sametha.


## Edit existing samethalu
Most of the descriptions that are currently added are generated by AI. I have been proofreading them manually and collaborating with others, but there are too many to do it alone. If you find any mistakes or improvements, please edit the samethalu-data.json file and create a PR. If that is too much work, you can just create an issue to describe the mistake and suggest the edit. I will review and fix them.


## Create a PR
1. Fork the repository
2. Create a new branch
3. Add your changes
4. Create a PR
5. Wait for the PR to be merged


# How to use
I built a search engine to search for samethalu by:
1. Describing the situation in English
2. Describing the meaning of the sametha in English
3. Searching by sametha in Telugu script

You can use it by visiting the [samethalu.com](https://samethalu.com/) website. 

If you are using this data in your project, please give credit to this repository. 



# License
This project is licensed under the GNU General Public License v3.0. See the LICENSE file for details.


